docs(changelog): Add note about first release of parsec-web (#10478)
Scille/parsec-cloud: HISTORY.rst

Parsec v3.4.0-rc.6 (2025-06-04)
-------------------------------

>   This is the first release to include Parsec-cloud on the Web 🎉

Reviewer: I wouldn't display it as a note (remove spaces at the beginning) 
```suggestion
This is the first release to include Parsec web app 🎉
```
